docs: add docs for cifs/smb (#6949)
juicedata/juicefs: docs/en/reference/how_to_set_up_object_storage.md

- `--access-key` set the username of the remote server
- `--secret-key` set the password of the remote server

### CIFS/SMB {#cifs}

> CIFS/SMB (Common Internet File System / Server Message Block) is a network file-sharing protocol widely used in Windows environments. It allows computers within a network to access shared files and folders on remote servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CIFS (Common Internet File System) and SMB (Server Message Block) are network file-sharing protocols widely used in Windows environments. They allow computers on a network to access shared files and folders on remote servers.
```

> JuiceFS supports using CIFS/SMB as the underlying data storage. This is useful when you have existing Windows file servers or NAS devices that support SMB protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JuiceFS supports using CIFS or SMB as the underlying data storage. This is useful when you have existing Windows file servers or NAS devices that support the SMB protocol.
```

```bash
juicefs format \
    --storage cifs \
    --bucket 192.168.1.100/share \
    --access-key username \
    --secret-key password \
    ...
    redis://localhost:6379/1 myjfs
```

:::note Notes

> - `--storage` can be set to either `cifs` or `smb`, both are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--storage` can be set to either `cifs` or `smb`. Both are supported.
```

> - `--bucket` format is `<host>[:port]/<share>` or `cifs://<host>[:port]/<share>`, where `<share>` is the SMB share name. The default port is `445`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `--bucket` format is `<host>[:port]/<share>` or `cifs://<host>[:port]/<share>`, where `<share>` is the SMB share name. The default port is `445`.
```

> - `--access-key` is the username for SMB authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--access-key` specifies the username for SMB authentication.
```

> - `--secret-key` is the password for SMB authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--secret-key` specifies the password for SMB authentication.
```

:::

:::caution Limitations

> - SMB protocol has limited support for Unix file permissions. Only read-only (0444) and writable (0666) modes are supported. Other permission bits are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SMB protocol has limited support for Unix file permissions. Only read-only (0444) and writable (0666) modes are supported. Other permission bits are ignored.
```

> - Symbolic links are not fully supported like in POSIX systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Symbolic links are not fully supported as they are in POSIX systems.
```

> - To adjust the connection pool size, set the `JFS_CIFS_MAX_POOL` environment variable (default is 8).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To adjust the connection pool size, set the `JFS_CIFS_MAX_POOL` environment variable (`8` by default).
```
